It's a beautiful day, isn't it?
Yes it is.
Mmm.
Hey, when did you buy this
dress?
I bought it last month.
Where did you buy it?
I bought it on myntra.
Okay,
how much is it?
It is 500 rupees.
Okay, do like it.
Yes, I like it so much.
Hey, why are you yawning?
I'm sleepy now.
Did you sleep well last night?
No, I didn't.
I stayed up until 2:00.
Really.
What were you doing?
Then?
I was reading my lessons.
When did you wake up?
I woke up at 5:00.
Wow, you are studying hard?
I don't think so,
huh?
Hey, just you.
Why are you so sad?
I lost my English textbook in
school.
When did you lose it?
I lost it yesterday.
Did you check in your classroom?
Yes.
I checked everywhere.
Did you inform your class
teacher?
No, I didn't inform your class
teacher today.
Okay, I'll inform her today.
Come on cheer up.
You will find you at work today.
If you think this video is
useful, please subscribe to our
Channel.
Thank you.